okay shattered you bue just spell view
in it out said I'll show you the new
features that might do that okay we have
here we have power windows ok we have a
cruise control up here we have our punch
for the radio we have air conditioning
power seats electric heated seats which
are good for the winner of power mirrors
this is the radio it's got a jack for
the ipod in genuine simulated wood grain
why do they call it a Saturn because
Uranus is just too obnoxious okay here's
the engine and this is my favorite part
the electric car starter but
unfortunately it doesn't start with the
hood up as we found out starting and it
just doesn't work so just pop the hood
down press the little button
and
oh it started
she's falling down he's dead resistant
panel and this is the car so hopefully
I'll have good luck with it see you
later Bubba